Mark Xamarin as end of support (#3725)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: tests/android/MASVS-CODE/MASTG-TEST-0042.md

Please be advised that the plugin requires to download a vulnerability feed. Consult the documentation in case issues arise with the plugin.

> Lastly, please note that for hybrid applications, one will have to check the JavaScript dependencies with RetireJS. Similarly for legacy Xamarin applications, one will have to check the C# dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, please note that for hybrid applications, you will have to check the JavaScript dependencies with RetireJS. Similarly for mobile cross platform frameworks, you will have to check their dependencies.
```
